### Date & Time

 - Date: 10.09.2024
 - Time: 13:30 - 14:30

### Attendees [1 min]

- Team: everyone
- Supervisors: everyone

### Meeting [45 min]
1. Discuss meeting with gementee [25 min]
    - Collaboration: 
        - Can everyone access teams?
        - Meetings on Thursday mornings
    - What we learned: important points
        - Base Requirements / Requirements by priority
        - Use Utrecht's twin as main example
        - End users: non-open data for municipal employees (e.g. with login)?
        - Continious data integration from their data portal
        - Project area
        - Priority of tasks
    - Requirements
        - Base model: 3D environment (surface), buildings, vegetation (all trees, hedges, crops, etc.), water
        - Extra layers: water with elevation
        - Local data sets
        - Master plans (2D, 3D)
        - Replace individual buildings (possibly after application running)
        - Water level in canals / flood modelling
        - 15 min city
    - Documentation
        - Make sure the project is reproducible
    - 3d.delft.nl: server and domain specification
    
2. Discuss PID [10 min]
    - Content
        - Task priority: only methodology or prioritized tasks as well?
    - Unclear parts
    - Roles in the project
        - possible roles
        - divide roles on team meeting

3. Discuss next steps [10 min]
    - Finish PID by Thursday (most ideally)
    - Also for the future report: What can be done for the future?
    - Be clear what we would like to work on and what we would not focus on -> don't let new idea come in during our project (don't commit into 'creating' new data, but focus on visualizing the data) => make a table with data format (challenges, etc.)
        - e.g. COBRA dataset on private trees -> is it a point? radius? crown-width?
        - limit the datatypes that we would incorporate (e.g. for the new urban developments)
    - Data acqusition
       - How do we prioritize the data that we need? -> MoSCow, and add a reasoning 
    - Preparation for implementation
        - Download source code
        - Integrate source to our project git repository
    - Task division
        - think about what each of us would like to do and discuss
        - share good learning sources on unity
    - Can we be certain with 3d.delft.nl in our PID?
    - Domain & server
        - not sure for now ...
        - static datasets? database?
        - Gina asked for a virtual server for us to work on -> 6GB for main, 50GB for disk
        - look into how much disk space we need, if we need a database?
        - we work on our own server and at the end we give it to Gemeente
        - Linux server, WSL
     - What to discuss next week?
        - follow the steps in PID
        - collect the data
        - build the base model
        - by Thursday we should have a list of data that we need right now, at least for the base model (the only thing missing is the private trees)

### Quick Summary [5 min]
1. What did we do
    - Project Initialization
    - Meetings 
2. What went well
    - Cooperation
    - Scheduling
3. What went bad
    - Nothing so far?
4. What's next?
    - make a clear list of datasets what and where we get it

### Upcoming Deadlines [2 min]

- Thursday 12, 9:00: PID draft for Gementee
- Friday 13, 17:00: PID

### Action Points [5 min]

 - Any further questions, things to discuss?

### Next Meeting [2 min]

 - Schedule next team meeting Wednesday to finalize PID before meeting with Gementee
 - 18:00 Wednesday online meeting for PID -> finish the PID and comment on others' parts before the meeting
