### Date & Time

 - Date: 10.09.2024
 - Time: 19:30 - 10:00

### Attendees [1 min]
- Team
- Client: Herman, Neda, Julia, Chi, Aks...(sorry about the name) => data architects and technical managers of the Gemeente

### Meeting [25 min]
1. Presentation of last week's progress
    - Requirement engineering
        - Present all requirements
    - MosCOw
        - Present and briefly explain priorities
    - Present schedule
    
2. Discuss derived requirements
    - Does client agree? => Yes.
        - REQs
        - MoSCoW
    - Clarify:
        - model upload: on-fly or new-build (both should be possible, depends on intended upload frequency)
           => can be done 2 ways: 1) rebuild the application via Unity; easiest way to implement **2) on-the-fly, but the data would need to be saved, with authorized personeel**
           => How often would you like to update? => every 2 or 3 months, quite frequently
           => Data Upload (12) -> **change from Could to Should**
           => **Underground utilities -> less important thatn Data Upload (12)**
        - showing non-open data: who can see / download it (or will this be a thing at all?)
            - does this apply to COBRA
            - **showing COBRA data is alright, but it should not be downloaded, also applicable for other non-open data**                  

3. Other topics:
    - 3d.delft.nl:
        - Domain: DNS redirecton to server IP
        - Server size: depends on final application and its resources
     
4. Suggestion from Gemeente + extra comments
   - getting the data might take some time (if we need them) so let the Gemeente know in advance
   - utilities -> when data provided, can be imported into unity

### Upcoming Deadlines

 - Tomorrow, 17:00: PID

### Action Points [2 min]
 - **Ask supervisors how long the application can run on TU Delft server, because it might take a while for Gemeente to set theirs up**
 - **Check Sascha from the innovation center, mobility center [https://www.tudelft.nl/staff/s.hoogendoorn-lanser/]**
 - Certain requirements for the urban masterplans? Ask Julia and she can help us (file type? georefereced?)
 - Till when to have all the data?
 - **October 3rd, Thursday, midterm progress presentation @ Gemeente**
 - **Upload this presentation & PID to Teams**
 - Any further questions, things to discuss?

 - finish PID today
 - 12:00 tmrw final check
 - by Tuesday -> have all the datasets ready -> Adhi
 - start with a small area of interest (TU Delft? -> somewhere with complex geometry) 

### Next Meeting [2 min]
   => Monday (09-16) 18:00 online    
     => Unity running in some form for everyone
     => connect to the server  
     => GitHub one feature per branch, one folder for src = 1 unity project => Akos
     => use 3DAmsterdam prompted by UnityHub 
 - Next meeting with the Gemeente? => Next week short presenatation @ Gemeente (Thursday), the week after kinda like a workshop session
