### Date & Time

 - Date: 16.09.2024
 - Time: 18:00 - 18:45

### Attendees [3 min]
- Team

### Meeting [30 min]
1. Quicky discuss progress since last week
- everyone:
    - What did you do since last meeting?
      - Netherlands3D: Main Scene has everything -> they used _functionality prefab_; _prefab fawner_, and Server
      - Webservice API -> GitHub repo
      - Script to position camera
      - 3DAmsterdam or Netherlands3D? -> **discuss with Hugo & Gina**
      - Lars contacted the developers, only now work being done in Netherlands3D, would be nice if we could get some response
      - Netherlands3D -> good that we don't have to build the scene, making the base model would be easier here
      - Open Data Portaal
      - Tree models already existing in Netherlands3D
      - GitHub branch for development there -> branch for base model
    - How far are you in understanding project structs/hierarchy?
    - Did you ran into problems setting up server/git/unity/...

2. Discuss and distribute sprint 1 tasks:
- Acquire data either by:
    - downloading (in `GeoJSON`)
    - saving URL (with explanation on path, filters, etc...)  -> what can be linked from Open Data Portaal?
    - finish this week

- Prefab spawner:

    As far as I understand: to spawn functionality prefabs (gebouwen, maaiveld, bomen, etc..)
    - Set explicit AOI as polygon
    - Setting up Prefabs to collect data for AOI => 3DAmsterdam has many errors and missing scripts in this part
        - Limit player movement to AOI
        - Do not collect data outside AOI
        - Leave it as it is and load base layers outside of AOI as well
    - Check configuration
       - coordinates -> how to change it to the AOI?

- 2D layers:
    - I did not found it in Netherlands3D `CustomLayers` only GeoJSON import
    - They do not import 2D layers as in Amsterdam or Utrecht
    - Discuss strategy to tackle this task
        - Check how projection is achieved in 3DAmsterdam
        - Maybe check if we can achieve this with some material

- Testing:
    - Build and Run in Unity 
        - not sure if this build uses `app-config.json` 
        - maybe it is neccesary to deploy to server
    - Deploy to server:
        - Git
        - SFTP

3. What to discuss tomorrow with supervisors?
   - How long can we host our project on the TU Delft server before Gemeente prepares theirs?
   - Hugo's feedback on PID?
   - where to get the data -> Netherlands3D -> clear, if not we need to download and import it => so 3DAmsterdam vs. Netherlands3D?
   - midterm report template?

### Action Points [10 min]
- Do you have a clear view on what to do this sprint? => discuss after the whiteboard session tomorrow
    - Task List:
        - Adhisye:
        - Akos:
        - Hyeji: start on midterm report template
        - Lars:
        - Rafal:
        - Xueheung:

### Next Meeting [2 min]
   - Tommorow, 13:30, on-campus
   - Next team meeting? Tomorrow, right after the meeting with the supervisors
   - 30min whiteboard session to get a picture of the structure
