### Date & Time: 
2024-09-04, Wed, 17:00  
Online

### Attendees:
everyone

### Agenda:
1. recap of Monday session
   - Hugo cares a bit less on the report than the outcome
   - most of the important info is on Discord
   - check Brightspace GEO1101 for organizational info
   - chekc Gina's email invite on the important dates
2. discuss gemeente's response
   - seems quite a lot, but doable
   - half of the layers can come from PDOK,
   - we should clarify with them what they would like to see as an end result
   - utrecht one seemed ok
   - ideas: coloring the houses? etc...
   - "display water more fluidly" -> texture? 
   - different LoDs => expansive to compute
   - water level differences -> elevation differences? temporal change?
3. what do we need from them? questions to ask?  
   - [ ] links to the data -> Open Data Delft?  
   - [ ] how they plan on projecting 2D maps on 3D model?  
   - [ ] more info on 15-minute city plan? -> Travel Time Map?  
   - [ ] set up communication method -> main contact? Teams?  
   - [ ] set up future meeting time with the municipality -> maybe they can approve of our PID before we hand it in?  
~~6. (maybe make a quick miro board for brainstorming? - suggestion from Hyeji)~~
4. how will we work? (work distribution, when online/offline, weekly meetings, main communication channel, etc..)  
   1. Communication
      - WhatsApp for urgent stuff
      - Discord for meetings and links, etc.
      - Files, Codes -> GitHub -> branches!
      - Presentation -> Google Slides or Canva
      - Report -> Latex in Overleaf - **AP Hyeji**  
    2. Weekly Meeting (among us) 13:00 every Tuesday before meeting with Gina & Hugo  
    3. Suggest Tuesday morning as a working day at the municipality? (tentatively) -> to be discussed
5. What to do further?
   - Set a broad goal tomorrow, also for PID, to set our goals week by week
   - discuss the pipeline of the project
   - 150 words tomorrow after the meeting
     

### ~~Weekly Reflection~~  
~~1. What did we do~~  
~~2. What went well~~  
~~3. What went bad~~  
~~4. What's next?~~

### Upcoming Deadlines
1. 100-150 words to Bastiaan by this Friday 17:00 (with an image?)
2. PID by next Friday 

### Action Points
- briefly go through the Delft open data portal before tmrw's meeting
- look into GitHub branches if you're not familiar

### Next Meeting
1. 2024-09-05, Thu (Tomorrow!) , 14:50 in front of Gemeente Delft, bring your ID!
2. 2024-09-10, Tue, 13:00, among us, 13:30 - with Hugo & Gina
