### Date & Time:  
2024-09-05, 15:00  
Gemeente Delft

### Attendees:  
Students  
Gina  
Julia, Judit, Herman

### Agenda / Notes:   
- A round of introduction  
1. From the Gemeente
   - Gemeente needs a nice basemap (also in the email that Hugo sent)
   - BGT - ground, 3DBAG - houses, AHN - elevation, PDOK - trees
   - Open Data Portaal - there are data that are not open thus not on the website, but it will be provided through Teams (main collab channel), but needs discussion firsthand (e.g. Cobra - public trees, low crop, NOT open data yet), but Cobra data can be visualised, to download it? That's an issue.  
   - Utrecht has 3D - building, fluid water, trees with different sizes, different layers, theme maps data can be provided
   - 3D Delft to look like 3D Utrecht, 3D Amsterdam
   - Netherlands 3D: Delft -> everything is fluid except the water, this platform is available, we will reuse this code based on Unity
   - We can adjust the functions as we want -> We can replace a high resolution building model (if the data is there), monument buildings? Can make link to an external source
   - Ground layer -> WTS/WMS from PDOK, water level, and ground level => Can we see that a certain water level is higher/lower than the other?, for landscape purposes => **we will check this if possible, AHN?**  
   - New urban developments in 3D -> Gemeente will do some research to provide us with the 3D documents, probably in different formats -> if it's an open format, we can work it out => **New theme: New urban development** -> the basemap shouldn't contain the new developments, it should be the current situation -> Temporal change (now and future - sth with a slider) [Omgevingsloket: Regels op de kaart - Gele Scheikunde]
   - **urban masterplan 2D & 3D**
   - **function of the buildings** - data in the BAG, will be provided for us
   - 15-minutes city - if Thomas Verbeek has 3D data, out of scope for now
   - **Link between Open Data Portaal and the 3D Delft** - using the ArcGIS API from the Data Portal to appear as the data in the portal change?
   - **Possible for analysis? - Extra** -> Rainfall, what happens, for example, as the time changes
   - **3D Pipelines, waterlines** -> upper, onder buildings
   - Hagen data from the portaal -> Julia will check it
   - the URL -> Gemeente should provide us with a server and domain name (ICT), for now, we work locally on TU Delft server
   
2. Questions from our side
   - building the model is possible, but we need the data for the layers, can we get them?  
   - Q. Boundary? Only the municipality of Delft or the surroundings?
   - A. A little bit of the surroundings will be nice. Borders of the municipality. Up to us the level of detail outside the municipality, A little bit of the Hague, to position where Delft is
     
   - [x] links to the data -> Gemeente will check first and share (possibly) open data, theme maps data can be provided
   - [x] how they plan on projecting 2D maps on 3D model?  
   - [x] ~~more info on 15-minute city plan? -> Travel Time Map? => out of scope for now~~
   - [x] set up communication method -> main contact? Teams?  
   - [x] set up future meeting time with the municipality -> maybe they can approve of our PID before we hand it in?
  
   - meet once a week on Thursday together with Herman, Judit, Julia
   - they will send us a guide to log into MS Teams
 

### Plans
1. Project timeline with milestones (weekly goals, also for PID, etc)  
2. Make a checklist of the data we need
3. Discuss project pipeline (skillsets/tools needed, etc)
4. Finish 100-150 words and send them to Bastiaan
5. Create Overleaf file
   
### Upcoming Deadlines

### Action Points

### Next Meeting
- 2024-09-12 09:00 Gemeente Delft, ask for Herman at the info desk
